Update API, Helm, and Metrics reference docs for all versions (#785)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/pages/reference/helm/2.1.x/kgateway.md

| controller.xds | object | Configure TLS settings for the xDS gRPC servers. | `{"tls":{"enabled":false}}` |
| controller.xds.tls.enabled | bool | Enable TLS encryption for xDS communication. When enabled, both the main xDS server (port 9977) and agent gateway xDS server (port 9978) will use TLS. When TLS is enabled, you must create a Secret named 'kgateway-xds-cert' in the kgateway installation namespace. The Secret must be of type 'kubernetes.io/tls' with 'tls.crt', 'tls.key', and 'ca.crt' data fields present. | `false` |
| deploymentAnnotations | object | Add annotations to the kgateway deployment. | `{}` |

> | discoveryNamespaceSelectors | list | List of namespace selectors (OR'ed): each entry can use 'matchLabels' or 'matchExpressions' (AND'ed within each entry if used together). Kgateway includes the selected namespaces in config discovery. For more information, see the docs https://kgateway.dev/docs/operations/install/#namespace-discovery. | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| discoveryNamespaceSelectors | list | List of namespace selectors (OR'ed): each entry can use 'matchLabels' or 'matchExpressions' (AND'ed within each entry if used together). Kgateway includes the selected namespaces in config discovery. For more information, see the docs https://kgateway.dev/docs/envoy/latest/install/advanced/#namespace-discovery. | `[]` |
```

| image | object | Configure the default container image for the components that Helm deploys. You can override these settings for each particular component in that component's section, such as 'controller.image' for the kgateway control plane. If you use your own private registry, make sure to include the imagePullSecrets. | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","registry":"cr.kgateway.dev/kgateway-dev","tag":""}` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | Set the default image pull policy. | `"IfNotPresent"` |
| image.registry | string | Set the default image registry. | `"cr.kgateway.dev/kgateway-dev"` |
| image.tag | string | Set the default image tag. | `""` |
| imagePullSecrets | list | Set a list of image pull secrets for Kubernetes to use when pulling container images from your own private registry instead of the default kgateway registry. | `[]` |

> | inferenceExtension | object | Configure the integration with the Gateway API Inference Extension project, which lets you use kgateway to route to AI inference workloads like LLMs that run locally in your Kubernetes cluster. Documentation for Inference Extension can be found here: https://kgateway.dev/docs/integrations/inference-extension/ | `{"autoProvision":false,"enabled":false}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| inferenceExtension | object | Configure the integration with the Gateway API Inference Extension project, which lets you use kgateway to route to AI inference workloads like LLMs that run locally in your Kubernetes cluster. Documentation for Inference Extension can be found here: https://gateway-api-inference-extension.sigs.k8s.io/guides/ | `{"autoProvision":false,"enabled":false}` |
```
